King Solomon's lesson in the art of
romance Song of Solomon to Derby
translation I am a narcissus of Sharon a
lily of the valleys as the lily among
thorns so is my love among the daughters
as the apple tree among the trees of the
wood so is my beloved among the sons in
his shadow have I wrapped her and sit
down and his fruit is sweet and I taste
he hath brought me to the house of wine
and his banner over his love sustaining
me with raisin cakes refresh me with
apples for I am sick of love his left
hand is under my head and his right hand
doth embrace me I charge you daughters
of Jerusalem by the gazelles all by the
Hinds of the field that you stir not up
nor awake my love till he please the
voice of my beloved behold he cometh
leaping upon the mountains skipping upon
the hills my beloved is like a gazelle
or a young heart
behold he standeth behind our wall he
looketh him through the windows glancing
through the lattice my beloved spake and
said unto me rise up My Love My Fair one
and come wail for behold the winter is
past the rain is over it is gone the
flowers appear on the earth the time of
singing has come and the voice of the
Turtledove is heard in our land the fig
tree mellow with her winter figs and the
vines and bloom gave forth their
fragrance arise my love my fair one and
come away my dove in the clefts of the
rock in the covet of the precipice
let me see thy countenance
let me hear thy voice for sweetest i
voice and i countenance is comely take
us the foxes the little foxes that spoil
the vineyards
for our vineyards are in blue my beloved
is mine and I am his he feedeth his
flock among the lilies until the day
dawn and the shadows flee away turn my
beloved be thou like a gazelle or a
young heart upon the mountains of bether
this is chaos butterfly it thank you
thank you
you